## Website Performance Optimization portfolio project

Instructions to run:
To run the project you can choose to clone the repository and open a local copy of dist/index.html through your web browser or navigate to https://rawgit.com/randiwest/Udacity-Project-4/master/dist/index.html.

Structure:
The 'src' folder contains the source code and the 'dist' folder contains the production code that has been processed by gulp (main directory contains gulpfile.js).

Optimizations made in views/js/main.js:
-	Changed querySelectorAll to getElementsByClassName to increase efficiency.
-	Changed changePizzaSizes function to remove the unneccesary and cumbersome DetermineDx function and base the pizza sizes on the 3 known possible options.  This greatly impacted performance as it eliminated the need to calculate the previous side.  Additionally, the for loop has been optimized by extracting the randomPizza variable to prevent it from being calculated within the loop.
-	Changed updatePositions function by extracting top from the for loop, creating position array to hold the possible phase values and populating it by an independent loop as there are only 5 possible values.  Additionally, translate3d has been used to push the pizzas to a new layer.
-	Created anitmatePizzas function utilize requestAnimationFrame with updatePositions on scroll.
-	Changes anonymous 'DOMContentLoaded' function by extracting pizzaElement from for loop and utilizing getElementById.   Reduced the number of pizzas being generated by utilizing the window height and width to determine the number of columns and rows that would be required.
-	Utilized Gulp to inline css and minify js for production code.